# USFS AirFire Coding Challenge

This directory contains a Svelte app that can be used as a starting point for
the USFS AirFire Coding Challenge. For more information about Svelte, see
https://svelte.dev.

The challenges listed here and in `scripts/README.md` are suggested starting
points. In general they go from easy to difficult and are designed to see what
technologies you are familiar with. Feel free to add your own modifications to
show off what you know.

> NOTE: No one is expected  to easily
accomplish all of the tasks! Thats whey they are called "challenges". So don't
spend too much time on a
specific task that looks unfamiliar.

# Svelte app

Instructions for running the Svelte app found in `working-example/` and for
creating a new Svelte app from scratch are found in
[Svelte Setup](./README-Svelte-setup.md).

## Challenges

- Get the `working-example` version up and running on your computer.
- Follow the instructions at the end of [Svelte Setup](./README-Svelte-setup.md)
  to create deployable .html, .js and .css files. Deploy them somewhere.
- Follow the instructions in [Svelte Setup](./README-Svelte-setup.md) to create
a new `my-example` Svelte app.
- Customize `my-example` with some of the following:
  - modify the javascript with more `console.log()` statements to see what is
  happening internally
  - restyle the app with a [Wes Anderson color palette](https://www.designcontest.com/blog/inspiration-gallery-wes-anderson-color-palettes/)
  - enable [animation](https://api.highcharts.com/highcharts/chart.animation)
  in the `TimeseriesPlot.svelte` component. What does this do? Tweak other
  aspects of the Timeseries plot as you see fit.
  - create a "StatusBox" component that shows the `selected_id`
  - add support for additional _'status'_ information
- Use bootstrap classes (_e.g._ "row" or "col-md-6") to modify column widths or rearrange the app into
a single-column app appropriate for mobile devices.
- Add further styling for mobile devices.
- Use/modify the .geojson generated by `scripts/DNR_burnportal_exec.R` to display
recent prescribed burn locations in the Leaflet map. (This will require adding
another item to `src/stores/polygon-data-store.js`.)

# Scripts

The `scripts/` directory has a [scripts/README.md](./scripts/README.md) file describing
data processing scripts written in R and python and associated coding challenges.

## Challenges

Various challenges are provided in [scripts/README.md](./scripts/README.md).
